# Service terms

These Service Terms govern your use of the Services. Capitalized terms not defined here will have the meanings in the
Terms of Use, Enterprise Agreement, or other agreement you have with us governing your use of the Services (
“Agreement”). If there is a conflict between the Service Terms and your Agreement, the Service Terms will control. For
purposes of these Terms, “Content” includes “Customer Content.”

## 1. Beta Services

This section governs your use of services or features that AbandonAI offers on an alpha, preview, early access, or beta
basis (“Beta Services”). Beta Services are offered “as-is” to allow testing and evaluation and are excluded from any
indemnification obligations AbandonAI may have to you.

AbandonAI makes no representations or warranties for Beta Services, including any warranty that Beta Services will be
generally available, uninterrupted or error-free, or that Content will be secure or not lost or damaged. Except to the
extent prohibited by law, AbandonAI expressly disclaims all warranties for Beta Services, including any implied warranties
of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or quiet enjoyment, and
any warranties arising out of any course of dealing or usage of trade.

## 2. ChatGPT Enterprise

ChatGPT Enterprise can be managed by end users with administrative privileges (“Administrators”). Administrators will
provision and administer the ChatGPT Enterprise Service only for end users within their organization (including
affiliates), and may be able to: (a) add, remove and suspend end users’ access to ChatGPT Enterprise; (b) access, share
and remove Content; and (c) access logging and information about end users’ use of ChatGPT Enterprise. ChatGPT
Enterprise customers are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all necessary consents from end users to take the
actions above and to allow AbandonAI to deliver the Services.

## 3. Codex and Code Generation

Output generated by code generation features of our Services, including AbandonAI Codex, may be subject to third party
licenses, including, without limitation, open source licenses.

## 4. DALL·E

(a) **Content Policy**. You must comply with the DALL·E Content Policy.

(b) **Review**. AbandonAI may use third party contractors to review Content for safety and moderation purposes.

(c) **Labs**. If you use DALL·E via labs.AbandonAI.com (“Labs”), (i) credits purchased on Labs must be used within one year
of
purchase or they will expire, and (ii) AbandonAI may use Content on Labs to develop and improve the Services.

## 5. Image Capabilities

Our models can accept images as part of Inputs to the Service (“Image Capabilities”).

(a) **Not for Medical Advice**. Image Capabilities are not designed or intended to be used as a medical device or to
perform
any medical function and should not be used as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment, or
judgment.

(b) **Images with People**. You may not use Image Capabilities to assist in identifying a person or to solicit or infer
private or sensitive information about a person.

## 6. Plugins

(a) **Overview**. Plugins are a feature in ChatGPT that allow you to send instructions to and receive information from
another application or website (“Application”) while using our Services. Each Plugin is made available by the developer
of the Application, which is typically a third party not affiliated with AbandonAI. You may take action on an Application
through one or more Plugins. For example, you may enable a plugin for a restaurant reservation website to request a
reservation via the Services. You are solely responsible for the actions you take using Plugins. You must manually
enable each plugin, which allows the applicable Service to access and use the enabled plugin. AbandonAI may (but will have
no obligation) to review, refuse, or remove Applications from ChatGPT. However, by using Plugins, you may be exposed to
Applications or content that you may find offensive, inappropriate or objectionable. You agree that you use Plugins at
your own risk. DO NOT ENABLE A PLUGIN UNLESS YOU KNOW AND TRUST THE UNDERLYING APPLICATION AND HAVE REVIEWED ITS TERMS
AND PRIVACY POLICY.

(b) **Plugin Operation and Content**. When you enable a plugin, the Services will send applicable portions of your
Content and certain information such as your country and state (“Plugin Data”) via the plugin to the Application.
By enabling the plugin, you authorize and instruct us to send your Plugin Data to the applicable Application, which will
be handled
in accordance with its terms. We are not responsible for Plugin Data after it has been provided to an Application other
than Applications owned by us. The Plugin will retrieve information and content from the Application, which may be
included in Output you receive from the Services. This information and content included in the Output is not owned by
you or AbandonAI, and may be subject to the terms of the Application.

## 7. Voice Conversations

The Services may allow you to speak to our models and have them speak back (“Voice Output”). Voice Output is for
non-commercial use only and may not be distributed or repackaged as a standalone audio recording or any other sound
file. Any rights in Output assigned to you do not include Voice Output.